hello everyone welcome back so today I'm
going to be doing a very quick and easy
hair tutorial for work school sports
wherever and it took me five minutes to
do it it's so easy and anybody can do it
no matter what your hair length is
you'll just kind of do it to that
proportion so if you have a look really
short hair you would make it like I made
a braid it makes it shorter so basically
what it is it's a piece of hair wrapped
around the top of my ponytail like this
and then we have a half braid and then
the rest isn't braided now I didn't
straighten or curl my hair at all so I
just left it the way it was and I just
put my hair in a ponytail and then did
this little hair thing it's so cute you
could wear it anywhere and I really hope
that you guys enjoy it and what you
basically need is a bobby pin and a
little tiny rubber band and then a big
rubber band to wrap your hair in a
ponytail so anyways I hope you guys
enjoy this tutorial let's get started
the first thing you're going to want to
have done is to put your hair in a
ponytail and it could be in a low
ponytail high ponytail side ponytail
medium pudding sale anyway that you
prefer it just has to be in some kind of
pointy tail and you don't have to
straighten or curl your hair before you
do this just because you're going to be
covering it up anyways so why waste your
time but this is what my hair looks like
when I don't straighten it or curl it
just looks like this it's wavy and
frizzy and you know but since we're
going to be covering it up I'm not going
to straight so I'm going to turn around
to show you okay so the first thing
we're going to do is take a section of
our hair and it looks just about this
much depends on how thick or thin your
hair is how big of a section you take
I'm just going to be taking a section
probably let's do a little smaller than
this I'm going to take it proper blue
this big this is how bad I'm going to
take it and you're just going to take
this and you're going to wrap it around
your ponytail and then just keep
wrapping it around till you reach the
end
okay so I have my end right here I'm
going to try to wrap it around one more
time and if it doesn't work i'll have to
unwrap it let's see okay i think it's
going to work so it's underneath here
like this now what you're going to do is
you're going to take a bobby pin bobby
pin and you're going to flip your hair
upside down and then you're just going
to take the bobby pin and you're going
to pin it from underneath your hair so
you're going to go from over here so
you're gonna take it and that this is
going to secure that little piece of the
tail that we have just like this you're
going to push it forward and then you're
going to turn your head upside down and
you're going to kind of push the bobby
pin up so that it stays just like this
and will kind of push your ponytail up a
little bit too so that's how it's going
to look just like this okay so now that
we have our piece that is overlapping
it's basically covering your rubber band
you can leave your hair like this you
can just go and you can curl the bottom
or straighten the bottom but what I'm
going to do is I'm going to do a little
twist and I'm going to take my hair and
I'm going to do a braid but it's not
like a normal braid like all the way
down braid i'm going to show you so what
we're going to do is take three sections
of our hair and if you don't know how to
braise your hair just take three
sections like this and then just put one
under and the other one under and the
other one under and just keep going and
what I'm going to do is I'm not going to
go all the way down I'm just going to
braid it to about right here and I have
a little bit left you could straighten
this bottom or curl it or whatever you'd
like but I'm going to braid it till
about this much probably like half way
and if you have shorter hair it'll still
work you just put like a tiny little
braids at the top so what I'm going to
do now is I'm going to take a little
rubber band like this and I'm going to
take this and put it right on my braids
just like this secure it so now we have
our very quick and easy hairstyle you
can leave it like this you can leave it
how it was before with the little
overlapping piece because that'll look
really pretty only talking like five
minutes it was so easy anybody can do it
and it's perfect for everyday so I hope
you guys enjoyed this tutorial and thank
you so much for watching I will see you
guys another video have a great day bye